hello guys Seaver or su Boreas with a
new video you guys know what this is
pancakes minecraft just right there and
that's not what I'm going to show you
today you show you something yeah and
/give a mapper stabbed block and then a
button place down
then there's command in the description
paste it and and your ghost
this is lootcrate in Minecraft if you
don't know what loot crate is it's this
some monthly subscription and you get
all this cool geeky gamer stuff and I
really like it also this is not any sort
of advertisement or something like that
is really like cool and I was thinking I
could make this minecraft so it is it is
and now we're going to cut through
transition yeah
okay and we are back and you're in front
of his tower
I made that and so if you're gonna get
the loot crate with this invention of
mine you're going to need a dispenser
and a cobblestone wall and you're just
gonna smack them down and Boosh there we
go
it's a glitch right there I can't really
solve it it might happen sometimes but
it's fine
anyway so I might actually like fix that
but anyway if we wait long enough or our
loot crate will arrive and we'll be able
to open it so I'm just gonna
do a cut so you'll have to wait the
whole time yeah I'll see you
oh there goes just popped up so now if
we Crouch click it will open their GUI
you look great
I also if you want to you can take our
mailbox back and we'll just be and the
reason that I have to right now is just
because I'm creative but sorted survival
you just get it and also if you if you
right click on it you'll be on top okay
now there's a loot crate down Boosh get
some random items creep the pie
iron and I got some new boots so there's
many different random things you can get
from them it's really cool and yeah
that's pretty much it thanks for
watching